Expand service mesh dev docs (#15867)
hashicorp/consul: docs/service-mesh/README.md

This package also contains files that generate xDS resources such as Clusters, Endpoints, Listeners, and Routes from snapshots generated by `proxycfg`. These files handle the conversion from Consul's data model to Envoy's.

For additional details see: [xDS Server](./xds.md) and [Envoy's documentation](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-docs/xds_protocol) on the xDS protocol.

## Additional Components
### Certificate Authority
Consul's certificate authority is the component responsible for certificate management in the service mesh. Certificates issued by the certificate authority are used for two primary reasons:
* mTLS between mesh-enabled applications.
* Intention enforcement.
* TLS between components of the control plane, such as: client agent to server agent when using [auto-config](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/tutorials/security-operations/docker-compose-auto-config), or leader server agent to the leader server of a peer cluster.

For additional details see: [Certificate Authority](./ca) and the [public documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/connect/ca).

### Configuration Entries

> Configuration entries are the primary way to apply configuration or policies uniformly across the mesh. They are stored centrally on Consul's servers, and can be scoped to a service, namespace, a cluster, or a federation of datacenters.

Author: Yep, cluster should be partition here
```suggestion
Configuration entries are the primary way to apply configuration or policies uniformly across the mesh. They are stored centrally on Consul's servers, and can be scoped to a service, namespace, admin partition, or a federation of datacenters.
```
